The TechFreqs Faster Cement Mixer Mod v1.1 adjusts the crafting times for the Cement Mixer, specifically for Concrete Mix and Crushed Sand recipes, to speed up the crafting process.


Latest Changelog:
V1.1
- Updated for experimental v2.0(b285)
- Updated Readme & Fixed Folder label


Key Features:
• Enhanced Crafting Time for Concrete Mix (3 minutes for a batch of 300+)
• Crushed Sand crafting adjusted to a faster (5-minute time for large batches of said 1000+)
• No duplicate recipes in XML files


Example Configuration
Concrete Mix:
Crafting time has been adjusted to 3 minutes per 300 batch. This will help speed up your resource gathering and crafting.
Crushed Sand:
Crafting time has been set to 5 minutes for larger batches like 1000+ of sand.

Notes
• This mod only modifies the crafting times for Concrete Mix and Crushed Sand.
• No other in-game content is altered, so the experience should remain familiar unless using this enhanced crafting.
as it's only adjusting the crafting recipes based on the vanilla recipes.xml of 7 Days to Die but only altering the Cement Mixers craft time. 

- Anti-Cheat MUST BE disabled for all crafting recipes to avoid detection issues such as EAC

Issues:
• None reported at this time. Please let me know if any new issues arise and or suggestions.


Disclaimer:
By using this mod, you acknowledge that TechFreq is not responsible for any issues, crashes, or conflicts caused by its use.
Use at your own risk. Please backup your game files before installing any type of mod.
Thanks for downloading and enjoy!



Installation:  
Make sure harmony mod exist in the mod directory.
Download the mod files, Extract Mod files.
Please backup your world, save, and or game files.
Place them in your Mods directory of your 7 Days to Die Game.
EAC must be disabled, although i hope in the future that can be changed, as for now DLLS are not EAC supported however XML has no issue, as for this mod its XML so it should be safe..
THIS IS CLIENT SIDE ONLY but maybe perhaps this is also, server side and client side compatibility?
No further setup needed. Enjoy!
TESTING CONFIRMED:
Works in both single-player and multiplayer via server.
Server & client-side configurations
Should not conflict with other mods unless the other mods installed modifier cement mixing crafting recipes.


CREDITS:
This was also inspired by the mod 
WardensSaneCraftingTimes and its ammo boosting ,
but i was more so looking some more for the cement mixer and without some more research it couldn't be done without that.


Thanks to TechFreq & A.I, ChatGPT or Microsoft CoPilot A.I or Grok AI from Twitter or X, for helping me create the modlet, aswell as with very little modding knowledge for the game and learning as i go i couldn't do this without it and overall brainstorming and or the modding community.
I’d very much appreciate it and or any feedback for the mod(s) aswell


Support Notice:
For those who’d like to support 'TechFreqs' work, This mod may or may not be crossposted. Downloading via 7daystodiemods website through ModsFire (ad-powered, which earns per download) and helps me a ton if posted on there or other example mod sites HOWEVER!
(although its 10 cents per download) There is also a direct mirror for using NexusMods website instead which also features direct links BUT those aren't earned per click or per downloads and run off Donation Points through a different system. The best way to support TechFreq other than downloading mods, sharing the mod with friends, leaving feedback and endorsing the mod in general is all that i ask for, but if you want to go the extra mile although not necessary you may use Donation Links through paypal or ko-fi pages which again helps me a bunch!
However, Donations aren't expected, every little bit of support helps along the way & fuels more mods, music, and bug fixes in the future,so thanks again for reading and being awesome in general and checking out the mod post.




Social Media:
If you appreciate 'TechFreqs' work and want to show support, use this donation link, although not necessary. Kofi Page: https://ko-fi.com/techfreq
I appreciate it in general for just checking out the mod posts, sharing and enjoying any of the mods in itself. Thank you again! and Happy gaming!

Love this mod? Got feedback or ideas or need to troubleshoot?
Join the TechFreq Pretty Rad Squad Discord Server! https://discord.com/invite/SQCnGjNUhw
Chill with us on Discord for game chat, memes, and even more mod updates!

As for TechFreqs music, it's royalty-free music to use in your projects or for casual listening!
Source music files are available feel free to ask away, available in the discord! or for more content! TechFreqs Socials: https://beacons.ai/techfreq

Checkout the behind-the-scenes vibes today! Thank you again for checking out the mod post.


